Meeting Agenda

  Date: 22/3-16 

  Facilitator: Robert Krook

  Participants: Robert Krook, Axel Olivecrona, Niclas Krause

1. Objectives (5 min). Resolve any issues preventing the team to 
  continue.

   Objectives
      Start working on the RAD
   
   Issues
      No issues yet

2. Reports (15 min) from previous meeting

   This is the first meeting. Nothing to report here.

3. Discussion items (35 min) 

   Sat down and started discussing what our domain should look like.

4. Outcomes and assignments (5 min) 

   * We sat down and discussed what our domain should look like, made design decisions
   and started writing our use cases.
   * Decided on having a client/server pair. The client is an android application and the
   server is a desktop application.
   * There should be some adminstrative rights, and a person who creates a course
   should be automatically be registered as a administrator for that course.
   
   No user was assigned a particular task/issue to tacke, as the RAD is not finished yet.
   
5. Wrap up

   RAD not finished. Schedualed another group meeting for the next day (23/3-16) at 12:00 where we
   try to finish a preliminary RAD and our use cases.

   Decided to also create a git workflow that everyone will follow next time we meet.
